by traveling in this sort of thing
you're embarrassing neo China
[Music]
we have faith in you sighs I see you can
you keep retrieving
[Music]
from Sashi this attack should not pose
any problems focus put your mind to it
Oishi mr. doe mon Kazu this is not an
official fight so please give him a hand
no not yet why wait I think I might have
figured out why de Hall is only
targeting sigh sigh she are you sure
got it of course miss Raine what is the
reason oh we were never aware of these
facts you did in fact become champion
but then four years later at the fourth
tournament
during the finals of the tournament the
opposing Gundam took out the head of des
Halles Gundam but at that very moment
the cockpit also blew up Dehon perished
as a result the opposing fighter in that
match was none other than the
penultimate matter the Shaolin Temple
in other words the fighter was your
grandfather you were kidding
de Hall was defeated by a Shaolin
opponent during a Gundam match and I
believe his conscience as a fighter or
rather his pride as a fighter is hoping
for a rematch his need to fight is so
strong
okay I understand the hawk continues to
fight even after his body is quit as a
fighter I'm gonna do the honorable thing
and accept his challenge
[Music]
rest in peace
this time for certain
[Music]
what is going on here
who who in this creature sigh Sachi it's
nothing for you to be concerned with
however this ability to self recover
allowing the deceased aha land is Gundam
to keep on resurrecting I'm positive
this guy has acquired abilities of the
dark Gundam with
[Music]
don't he's changed to that form again he
has proven he truly is the king parts
dome on car shoe he'll even corrupt a
house genuine fighting spirit into
something evil yes
once confronted by the dark Gundam even
the deceased will become like this
I don't understand bro I'm lost
[Music]
don't try range our own battle has just
begun but your opponent is your own
brother
[Music]
you